hwy_data/BEL/beln/README.md, before:

﻿**FORUM THREAD:**
- 


**SOURCES:**
- https://www.wegenwiki.nl/Gewestweg
- http://routes.wikia.com/wiki/Route_nationale_belge
- https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liste_des_routes_nationales_de_la_Belgique


**NOTES TO ROUTES:**
- `N8` route through Ieper is unsigned (GSV/OSM)
- `N22`, `N23` and `N24` are unsigned (GSV/wegenwiki) but indicated on OSM/GM
- `N34y` and `N34z` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but they are one-way lanes only; opposite direction is signed `N34`
- `N40a` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N43` should be signed b/n R40 and N60 according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N62` is not signed on the Spa-Francorchamps Circuit bypass (GM indicates N62, OSM N62c)
- `N96a` and `N95b` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but they are one-way lanes only; opposite direction is signed `N95`
- `N149` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N156` seems to be unsigned; it's only partially indicated on OSM
- `N159` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N183` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N200` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N205`, `N206`, `N210`, `N213`, `N214`, `N216`, `N220`, `N224`, `N225`, `N228`, `N231`, `N235`, `N242`, `N244`, `N247`, `N248`, `N254`, `N256`, `N284`, `N288` and `N289` are unsigned
- `N215` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N219` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N236` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N241` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM west of N261 and on OSM east of N261
- `N259`, `N265`, `N274`, `N281`, `N291`, `N292`, `N294` and `N295` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on GM
- `N266` should be signed according to GM and partially to OSM but I could only find one sign on GSV at the south end west of R0 exit 18 but no idea where it should end. OSM only indicates it more to the north.
- `N290` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV, only one sign on GSV in Brussegem where GM is not indicating it and OSM indicates it `N296`
- `N293`, `N296`, `N297`, `N298`, `N299` `N310`, `N378` and `N384` are unsigned
- `N334`, `N335`, `N342`, `N348` and `N359` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on GM
- `N317`, `N320` and `N324`, `N341`, `N344`, `N346` and `N360` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N386` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV, however, GSV is not available at the only N road junction with N34
- `N388` and `N388` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on OSM
- `N392` and `N393` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N395a` and `N395b` are concurrent with R8, the northern carriageway is `N395a`, the southern carriageway `N395b`; excluded from beln system
- `N402` has a length of 0.17km only and is unsigned (but `N462`)
- `N404` , `N422`, `N426`, `N470a`, `N473`, `N496`, `N502`, `N508`, `N509` and `N516` are unsigned
- `N408` has a length of 0.6km only and is unsigned
- `N420` has a length of 0.5km only and is unsigned
- `N518` is still u/c b/n N513_W and N58
- `N521`, `N522`, `N540`, `N548`, `N555`, `N556`, `N578`, `N581` and `N585` are unsigned
- `N542`, `N551`, `N560`, `N590` and `N598`: Should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location
- `N600` and `N603`: Should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location
- `N605`, `N607`, `N607a`, `N611`, `N613`, `N628`, `N630`, `N631`, `N635`, `N656`, `N661`, `N662`, `N664`, `N681` and `N686` are unsigned (mostly according to GSV but indicated on OSM/GM)
- `N616` is signed concurrent on `N696` once!?
- `N625` and `N665`: Should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location
- `N653` is not signed on the southern part but indicated on OSM and GM
- `N731` and `N795`: Should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location
- `N732`, `N756`, `N764`, `N767`, `N768` and `N794` are unsigned (mostly according to GSV but indicated on OSM/GM)
- `N772` is only signed once in Koersel; OSM indicates it from here to west, GM to west and south; not drafted
- `N89`/`N820`/`N833`/`N834`/`N860` in La Roche-en-Ardenne: Signage has been changed as you can see on GSV. Moving the position and signs disappear... I've gone with OSM, no evidence that `N820` is really signed.
- `N802`, `N813`, `N824`, `N825`, `N858`, `N861`, `N862`, `N864`, `N867`, `N868`, `N869`, `N872`, `N876`, `N877` and `N880` are unsigned (mostly according to GSV but indicated on OSM/GM)
- `N885` and `N887` are unsigned
- `N832` is only signed once at `N865` junction in Cugnon but the route is not indicated on OSM nor GM; not drafted
--------- (checked from here to the end)
- `N905` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV (`N80` towards `N80` and `N90` towards `N90` only)
- `N917` should be signed according to OSM but not on GM or GSV (GSV shows a `N947` sign, wikisara also calls it `N947a`)
- `N931` is not signed west of A4 according to GSV and OSM. GM shows two routes
- `N955` route is different on OSM/GM and not signed on GSV (not drafted)
- `N902`, `N963` and `N998` should be signed according to OSM an GM but not on GSV

Commit message:

BEL N6xx-N8xx routes revised

hwy_data/BEL/beln/README.md, after:

﻿**FORUM THREAD:**
- 


**SOURCES:**
- https://www.wegenwiki.nl/Gewestweg
- http://routes.wikia.com/wiki/Route_nationale_belge
- https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liste_des_routes_nationales_de_la_Belgique


**NOTES TO ROUTES:**
- `N8` route through Ieper is unsigned (GSV/OSM)
- `N22`, `N23` and `N24` are unsigned (GSV/wegenwiki) but indicated on OSM/GM
- `N34y` and `N34z` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but they are one-way lanes only; opposite direction is signed `N34`
- `N40a` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N43` should be signed b/n R40 and N60 according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N62` is not signed on the Spa-Francorchamps Circuit bypass (GM indicates N62, OSM N62c)
- `N96a` and `N95b` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but they are one-way lanes only; opposite direction is signed `N95`
- `N149` should be signed according to wegenwiki and OSM but not on GM/GSV
- `N156` seems to be unsigned; it's only partially indicated on OSM
- `N159` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N183` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N200` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N205`, `N206`, `N210`, `N213`, `N214`, `N216`, `N220`, `N224`, `N225`, `N228`, `N231`, `N235`, `N242`, `N244`, `N247`, `N248`, `N254`, `N256`, `N284`, `N288` and `N289` are unsigned
- `N215` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N219` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N236` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM
- `N241` seems to be unsigned; it's only indicated on GM west of N261 and on OSM east of N261
- `N259`, `N265`, `N274`, `N281`, `N291`, `N292`, `N294` and `N295` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on GM
- `N266` should be signed according to GM and partially to OSM but I could only find one sign on GSV at the south end west of R0 exit 18 but no idea where it should end. OSM only indicates it more to the north.
- `N290` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV, only one sign on GSV in Brussegem where GM is not indicating it and OSM indicates it `N296`
- `N293`, `N296`, `N297`, `N298`, `N299` `N310`, `N378` and `N384` are unsigned
- `N334`, `N335`, `N342`, `N348` and `N359` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on GM
- `N317`, `N320` and `N324`, `N341`, `N344`, `N346` and `N360` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N386` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV, however, GSV is not available at the only N road junction with N34
- `N388` and `N388` seem to be unsigned; only indicated on OSM
- `N392` and `N393` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N395a` and `N395b` are concurrent with R8, the northern carriageway is `N395a`, the southern carriageway `N395b`; excluded from beln system
- `N402` has a length of 0.17km only and is unsigned (but `N462`)
- `N404` , `N422`, `N426`, `N470a`, `N473`, `N496`, `N502`, `N508`, `N509` and `N516` are unsigned
- `N408` has a length of 0.6km only and is unsigned
- `N420` has a length of 0.5km only and is unsigned
- `N518` is still u/c b/n N513_W and N58
- `N521`, `N522`, `N540`, `N548`, `N555`, `N556`, `N578`, `N581` and `N585` are unsigned
- `N542`, `N551`, `N560`, `N590` and `N598`: Should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location

--------- (checked from here to the end)
- `N72a`, `N630a`, `N635`, `N656`, `N861` and `N864` should be signed according to OSM but not on GM nor GSV
- `N607`, `N661`, `N664`, `N686`, `N768`, `N802`, `N868`, `N876`, `N877`, `N880`, `N902`, `N963` and `N998` should be signed according to OSM and GM but not on GSV
- `N631` was signed at both ends according to 2009 GSV but not indicated on OSM nor GM

- `N653` is not signed on the southern part but indicated on OSM and GM
- `N772` is also indicated on GM from Koersel to the south (not extended)
- `N89`/`N820`/`N833`/`N834`/`N860` in La Roche-en-Ardenne: Signage has been changed as you can see on GSV. Moving the position and signs disappear... I've gone with OSM, no evidence that `N820` is really signed.
- `N813` (partially P1 on signs) and `N862` (partially P7 on signs) should exist according to OSM but not on GM nor GSV
- `N905` should exist according to OSM and GM but not on GSV (`N80` towards `N80` and `N90` towards `N90` only)
- `N917` should exist according to OSM but not on GM or GSV (GSV shows a `N947` sign, wikisara also calls it `N947a`)
- `N931` is not signed west of A4 according to GSV and OSM. GM shows two routes

NOT DRAFTED:
- `N605`, `N628` should exist according to wegenwiki and wikisara but not indicated on any map
- `N607a`, `N756`, `N764` and `N824` should exist according to GM but not on OSM nor GSV
- `N611` should exist according to wegenwiki and wikisara but not indicacted on any map, I guess it was renumbered to `N676` which has different routes on OSM and GM
- `N616` is signed concurrent on `N696` once
- `N600`, `N603`, `N625`, `N662`, `N665`, `N731`, `N767`, `N794` and `N795` should exist according to wegenwiki but no info about location
- `N832` is only signed once at `N865` junction in Cugnon but the route is not indicated on OSM nor GM
- `N858` and `N885` are unsigned even on signs with other road numbers, only indicated on OSM but not on GM nor GSV
- `N732`, `N867`, `N869` and `N887` are not indicated on OSM, GM nor GSV
- `N955` route is different on OSM/GM and not signed on GSV
